README.md, before:

swindle
=======

A simplified LISP-like interpreter built on Python that throws away
parentheses in favor of Python-style colon and indentation on special
forms. I might be burned at the stake for this.

Requirements
============
`swindle` runs on Python 3.2 or above. Additional package requirements
(for unit testing) are as follows:

    nose==1.2.1

You can install these requirements by running `make install`, which
requires pip. 

Running
=======
At the moment, you can run swindle by executing `bin/recognizer`, or `make
run`. `make run` will also execute `bin/recognizer` on all files in
`tests/case/`, but does not include the unit testing. Unit tests can be
ran by executing `make test`.

All test cases which fail are prepended with 'bad_' in the file name.
All other test cases should recognize.

Grammar
=======
The grammar is written in a BNF variant.

To complete this task, I have introduced several new (magical) terms
to denote lexer tasks.
 - *newline* denotes the newline character is present
 - *indent* ensures there is more indentation up to the first
   non-whitespace character than the previous line
 - *dedent* ensures there is less or equal indentation up to the first
   non-whitespace character that when the last *indent* was performed.

*derived_expr* denotes expressions, such as cond, and, or, let, and so
on, that can be defined in terms of the primative expressions.

An example program:

    def abs:
        lambda x:
            if ( lt(x 0) ):
                -x
            else:
                x

    abs(-4)

More example programs can be found in `tests/case/` (note that improper
programs are prepended with 'bad_')

Commit message:

Add some hackedy-ass support for lesser versions of Python3. It just seems all I replaced was argparse

README.md, after:

swindle
=======

A simplified LISP-like interpreter built on Python that throws away
parentheses in favor of Python-style colon and indentation on special
forms. I might be burned at the stake for this.

Requirements
============
`swindle` runs on Python 3.2 or above. Support for lower Python 3.x
versions has been hacked in, so use at your own risk there.
Additional package requirements (for unit testing) are as follows:

    nose==1.2.1

You can install these requirements by running `make install`, which
requires pip. 

Running
=======
At the moment, you can run swindle by executing `bin/recognizer`, or `make
run`. `make run` will also execute `bin/recognizer` on all files in
`tests/case/`, but does not include the unit testing. Unit tests can be
ran by executing `make test`.

All test cases which fail are prepended with 'bad_' in the file name.
All other test cases should recognize.

Grammar
=======
The grammar is written in a BNF variant.

To complete this task, I have introduced several new (magical) terms
to denote lexer tasks.
 - *newline* denotes the newline character is present
 - *indent* ensures there is more indentation up to the first
   non-whitespace character than the previous line
 - *dedent* ensures there is less or equal indentation up to the first
   non-whitespace character that when the last *indent* was performed.

*derived_expr* denotes expressions, such as cond, and, or, let, and so
on, that can be defined in terms of the primative expressions.

An example program:

    def abs:
        lambda x:
            if ( lt(x 0) ):
                -x
            else:
                x

    abs(-4)

More example programs can be found in `tests/case/` (note that improper
programs are prepended with 'bad_')
